# TYR Hardcomm/Heimdallr // 3.17.5016u

Squad **NGR-7** meets in full form, coming together in Warehouse #102 in preparation for their following assignment. **TANTALUS** finds himself squad leader, despite light protestation. 

**FIREFLY** has found herself waiting, patient and bored, for reinforcements to arrive. While she and her mech **IMMOVABLE OBJECT** arrived a day ago, the warehouse had remained empty but for her in the time since. Eager to break the boredom, the return of **TANTALUS** and **KNIGHT** from a supply run was an atypically exciting one as she greeted them at the door.

From the north, another figure comes down the road. **TONI**, in greeting the welcoming party, explains her presence to be a result of the death of **VINNIE**, former Warehouse #102 guard and member of the **MORETTI** family. **TONI**, a Moretti herself and representative of the **SOUTHWEST** is tasked with recovering the body, and filling in his post until further notice. She notes, additionally, that any information regarding his death would be greatly appreciated. 

A following arrival comes in the form of **SHOW STOPPER**, who arrives with fanfare and flare all his own. His mech, **MAIN EVENT**, is painted as boisterously as his personality.

Stepping down from the rocky mountains that flank the pass in which Warehouse #102 sits, **PACKRAT** enters and greets the new arrivals. **SHOW STOPPER** dislikes the grease and dirt which coats the clothes and skin of the nomad.

The squad notices a large capital ship enter orbit above them, from which a package appears to be dropped. Moments later, a mech lands in dramatic fashion as the group encircles the peculiar arrival. After some less than friendly poking, and a short low-frequency communication between mechs, **VIRGIL** is introduced. While few Lancers trust the strange character, orders from **HEIMDALLR** instruct cooporation, and **NGR-7** skeptically accept.

Shortly after the introductions are finalized, the group is contacted by **HEIMDALLR**. **NGR-7** is given basic but deadly task: Scout beyond the **ONEIDA** line.

# TYR Hardcomm/Heimdallr // 3.18.5016u

As the morning comes, **NGR-7** moves out, stepping beyond the **ONEIDA** line, many for the first time. The events that followed were deadly, confusing, and exciting.

1. A handful of Bandits.
2. A Kaiju encounter.
3. Goldenglade all alone.
4. The ironworks worked up.
5. A facility forgotten.
6. A confident return.

# TYR Hardcomm/Heimdallr // 3.23.5016u
